CALLEN:
Admiral Chegwidden?
CHEGWIDDEN:
Sterling, lower your weapon,
they're friendlies.
I killed my ex-partner.
He was a dirty cop,
and I shot him
with his own gun.
HETTY:
Detective Whiting is
out of intensive care.
It seems she's going
to pull through.
ERIC:
Clearly Yaniv is taken
with whatever Langston
is pawning.
YANIV:
We got what we need. Kill him.
CALLEN:
Federal agent!
(grunting)
Yaniv!
CALLEN: Yaniv escaped on a road
south of his property.
Find him.
They got my key.
Oh, no, no.
Aw, damn it!
We managed to
rescue Granger
without spending one damn dime
of that ransom money.
It wasn't money,
it was gold.
Those gold bars are worth
a cool $40 million.
Minus the one
I sold to Yaniv.
Mm, and I'm assuming
he has it all now.
Let's go get that gold.
(grunting)
Finally.
Wasn't my fault.
There was an accident.
And that's why you
give yourself a buffer.
Better to be three hours
too soon
than a minute too late.
Shakespeare.
He know a lot about
L.A. traffic, do he?
(motorcycle approaching)
(automatic gunfire)
(explosion)
¶ ¶
You know,
there's this luxury yacht...
(groans)
...that looks like an island
from, like,
a James Bond villain,
but you can sail it anywhere.
That's a thing?
Yeah, it's a thing.
It's like your own
portable, private,
luxury island yacht.
Oh, well, I can think of
better things to do
with $40 million.
Oh, yeah?
Like what?
I don't know, like,
set up a program
for at-risk teens,
or fight hunger, or...
Buying the Clippers.
I think we're a few
billion short for that.
My turn.
Yeah, but as always,
I have a master plan.
And my master plan involves
turning that $40 million
into billions.
Oh, let me guess,
flipping real estate?
Be just like that couple
on Flip or Flop.
Aren't they divorced?
Yeah, but our love is so much
stronger than their love.
Oh, my gosh.
Jut like our
flipping abilities.
Hold on a second.
This isn't about that
apartment "opportunity"
in the Valley, is it?
Okay, you know what?
That place is literally--
wait for it--
a gold mine.
Yeah, it's a money pit.
It is 20 feet away
from the freeway.
You just don't
have the vision
to see the potential.
Ow. That's because it's clouded
by car exhaust.
Hear that?
(grunts, bones crack)
You know what that is?
(phone rings)
That's the sound of
my dreams being killed.
Ow. Ow.
It's probably
just my mom.
(sighs)
What's up?
Who is it?
Uh, it's Detective Whiting.
She, uh...
She wants to meet up.
What am I supposed
to do with that?
Am I supposed to call her back?
Um, maybe she just wants
to thank you
for saving her life
or something.
Yeah.
Maybe.
I think I got
a better chance
of finding that $40 million
on the sidewalk.
Son of a bitch.
ERIC:
So here's what we know.
Yaniv made off with about
$40 million worth of gold
from Hetty's Heroes'
private arsenal.
Any idea how he moved it?
I've scrubbed through
footage of the area--
so far, nothing.
SAM:
Well, keep looking.
That gold didn't just move
itself.
We're talking about 80 bars.
That's about 2,000 pounds.
So we may be looking
for more than just Yaniv.
Guys, I just got word
of a shootout downtown.
'Caused a massive explosion
and left
at least three people dead.
One of the vehicles involved
belonged to Yaniv.
Any IDs on the bodies?
Not yet. Information's still
trickling in.
All right, let's check out
the crime scene,
see if we can
find anything.
Keep looking.
(indistinct chatter)
SAM: Looks like the name "Yaniv"
and "trouble"
are starting to go together.
(indistinct radio transmission)
Same Chinese symbol
on the helmets.
See what Eric makes of it.
(camera clicks)
This must be Yaniv's man.
(sighs)
Looks like he was
getting rid of evidence.
Evidence of what?
A gold heist?
All right, so the bike
comes done here,
they fire at 'em,
he takes them out.
Second bike comes from behind,
catches him by surprise.
A hit?
Maybe.
Two fuel cans,
two vehicles.
And only one body.
Yaniv had someone else here.
Yeah, well, where is he now?
This wasn't a hit.
It was an extraction.
The only reason
to go after Yaniv's thug
is if you're after
Yaniv and the gold.
If you don't find them,
you take the next best thing.
(hip-hop music playing)
CALLEN: Looks like they're
not the only ones looking.
MAN:
Go, go, man. Go.
SAM:
Lynwood Lords.
The prospect of gold would
get them out of their territory.
Two gangs in one location--
that's no coincidence.
So how would they have
heard about something
that Hetty and others
kept secret for decades?
(sighs loudly)
Still struggling?
Uh, yeah. I feel like
I'm 15 years old again,
except for instead
of homecoming dance,
I have a murder charge
hanging over my head.
I mean, she wouldn't
just text me
if she remembered
my confession, right?
Unless that's what
she wants me to think.
How much does she know?
The whole shebang.
I told her everything.
I mean, whether or not
she was conscious
to process it, that's
a whole nother question,
but I told her everything.
My dad always
used to tell me,
when I had a problem,
he would say,
"Line it up in your sights,
"and then take it out
before it has
a chance to take you out."
Your dad was a gangster.
Also, he probably
would have shot me.
I think he'd love you.
But he's right.
You want me to come with you?
No, I don't want to
wrap you up in this again.
I think I'm just
gonna do it alone.
You're never alone, Deeks.
But also,
please make sure you
come back this time,
because I would hate to have
to break you out of jail
and live the rest
of our lives on the lam.
Is it crazy if I say that sounds
pretty awesome right now?
(chuckles)
Just you and I,
open road.
Eating street tacos.
Lots of ice cream,
robbing banks.
I love you so much.
I love you, too.
All right, wish me luck.
(keys beeping)
Good luck.
(line ringing)
(clears throat)
Whiting.
Hey, it's Deeks.
Good luck.
What was that about?
Had to answer
some questions
for the D.A.'s office
about my incident
at the pawnshop.
Alleged incident.
Good thing you got
a solid lawyer on retainer.
Yeah, well, the D.A.'s not the
only one looking for answers.
Yeah, we just left
a multiple homicide.
Gang shot up an underpass.
LANGSTON: Crazy.
L.A.'s dark side
rearing its ugly head.
Mm, what's really crazy is that
two of Yaniv's men were there.
It was almost like the gang
knew about the gold.
You two are about as subtle
as a massive coronary.
CHEGWIDDEN: We were worried
that Yaniv might move the gold
across the border
into Mexico,
so we put word out
on the street
what he was carrying.
Unbelievable.
LANGSTON:
What do you mean?
It'll force Yaniv
to hunker down,
giving us enough
time to find him.
And every gang, criminal
and wannabe in L.A.
will be on a scavenger hunt
that'll tear up the city.
Sounds like everything's
going according to plan.
Where's Deeks?
He's putting some old business
to rest with Whiting.
In the meantime, we need
to figure out Yaniv's next move.
$40 million in gold?
I mean, forget a turf war.
That could start a real war.
Every gang in the city
is gonna be gunning for Yaniv.
There's no way we can cover
that much ground.
My God, what were these guys
thinking?
I don't think they were.
We got to find Yaniv
before those gangs do.
So who's gonna keep
an eye on them?
We are.
Really?
What's the problem?
Thanks to us, Yaniv
is gonna hide the gold
and hole up till
things cool off.
All we have to do
is track him down.
With all due respect, that
is a very risky assumption.
CHEGWIDDEN:
Trust us.
We were doing
covert field operations
when all three of you
were in diapers.
LANGSTON: Yaniv has to rely
on people he trusts,
and he's already down
several men.
We got to find him before he
buys a small army of protection.
Any legit firm will want to know
what they're protecting.
Well, and any
underground force
is probably gonna
want to rob him.
Well, still, it makes sense
to find out if he made the call.
All right.
Eric.
You've reached
the Bealectric company.
Look into the major players
in private security,
see if anyone reached out
for a large confidential job
in the last 24 hours.
Copy that.
Oh, we've also made
some IDs from the shootout.
Yaniv's dead man
is David Belle.
Yeah, the car's registered
to an Asher Groves,
another associate of Yaniv's.
It looks like he was the one
who was taken.
ERIC:
And the symbol
on the bikers' helmets
is pronounced "Ciké."
It means "assassins"
in Chinese.
It's used
by the Xionshou Song.
Oh, boy.
Something we should know about?
(Kensi sighs)
Xionshou is not
your average gang.
They're a real deal
crime syndicate
that basically
deals in brutality.
Straight killers.
ERIC: Their main base
of operations is supposedly
a restaurant in Chinatown.
We'll stake out Chinatown,
see if we can find out
where Xionshou took Asher.
All right, I'll hit
the pawnshop,
see if there's any evidence
that can tell us
where Yaniv is headed.
SAM:
Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Time out. Where you going?
Well, that gold ain't
gonna find itself.
Not so fast.
It has become
painfully obvious
that the three of you cannot
be trusted on your own,
so... Sam?
I'll take Bridges.
All right. Admiral Chegwidden,
you're with me.
Leaves you and me, Langston.
Oh, no,
this is not gonna happen.
Look, you can either
do it our way,
or you can spend the day
reaching out to your contacts
trying to get out of our lockup.
Fine. Keep up, young lady.
Oh, geez.
That goes double for you.
No.
(grunts)
Whiting.
Deeks.
(sighs)
Glad you came.
Oh.
I won't lie,
I was surprised when you said
you wanted to meet, 'cause the
last I heard, I was bad luck.
Yeah. And I'm still not
convinced you aren't.
But I might not be sitting here
today if you hadn't been there.
You helped me hang on.
Oh, come on, I did what anyone
would do in that situation.
No...
I'm not too big to
admit when I was wrong.
Sorry I doubted you.
All right, let's...
let's consider it
water under the bridge, then.
And I was really happy to hear
that you found Kensi safe.
How is she?
She's good.
I mean, actually,
she's, she's great.
Thank you.
I can only imagine.
You two have been
through a lot this year.
Yeah, you're telling me.
You got time for
a cup of coffee?
Um...
Come on.
Least I can do,
after all the sludge you
drank at the precinct.
(laughs) Yeah, nothing
is gonna undo that damage,
but you know,
I'm not gonna turn down, uh,
offer for free bean juice.
You are buying, right?
Of course.
(door opens)
(footfalls approaching)
Okay. Next time
you ditch someone,
make sure they can't
catch an Uber.
About time you got here.
(Spanish hip-hop song
playing)
Okay, you know what?
Let's just hurry this up
before your little plan
gets us both killed.
And what are we doing-- are
we executing a search warrant,
or having a yard sale? What?
You'll see.
No, no, no, no.
Don't smirk at me.
You stole my car.
You don't get to smirk at me.
(exhales)
Safe's over here.
What safe?
Ah. That safe.
(sighs)
And what is that?
A key.
Our search warrant
is for Yaniv's home,
or place of business,
which makes this safe fair game.
Regardless of how
we get into it.
You might want to stand back.
(low chatter)
Mm.
Sam, please tell me
you have something.
Uh, it's pretty quiet
on this side.
We should just pull
a Da Nang Pickup.
Drive in, throw one of them
in the trunk, peel out.
Ten seconds, tops.
We're federal agents,
not the Mafia.
(gasps)
(sighs)
So what's your deal?
Oh, come on, come on.
We're gonna be
sitting here for a while,
we might as well
get to know each other.
Focus.
We have work to do.
(sighs)
And don't touch me.
Ever.
You got anything to eat?
This is a stakeout,
not a picnic.
I didn't have breakfast.
It's really not
the most important meal
of the day.
That's a rumor.
They're all important,
if you've got low blood sugar.
And cancer.
You don't have cancer.
Well, not yet.
But the way things are going.
Oh, man.
Listen. There's a dim sum place
around the corner.
Grab yourself a pork bun
or something.
I don't eat pork.
Then ask for chicken.
I don't have any money.
(laughs softly)
You're a grown man.
Cool.
You want anything?
A receipt.
And make it quick. I'll
leave you if I have to.
You know, you might feel better
if you ate something.
(sighs)
Okay.
Suit yourself.
G, please tell me
you have something.
CALLEN:
I wish.
You don't like it, then you
should've driven your car.
Letting you drive was my way
of extending an olive branch.
I'm starting to think
I made a mistake.
This baby's perfect
for a stakeout.
It's inconspicuous,
and you don't have to care
what happens to it.
There was this one time,
we're pulling an all-nighter.
Target shows, I toss
him in the back.
And Obi-Wan floors it.
And next thing you know,
we're doing 90 on the freeway.
But this guy's not talking.
Thinks he's tough.
So Obi jams the accelerator
with a shotgun
and climbs in back with us.
Starts singing
"The Show Must Go On."
The guy freaks out, and tells
us everything we want to know.
Problem is,
Obi's having trouble getting
back to the driver's seat,
and the car's
starting to swerve.
Next thing I know,
we're upside down in a river,
laughing our asses off.
Obi Wan.
Who the hell was this guy?
What?
Obi Wan?
Owen.
Granger?
Yes.
He was always pulling stuff
like that.
Doesn't sound like
the Granger I know.
(laughs)
There was this one time,
at a brothel in Hoi An,
and, uh...
CALLEN: Sam. I got eyes
on one of our Xionshou guys.
CALLEN:
Oh, you got to be kidding me.
Sam, we got a problem.
You stay here.
Showtime.
(Langston laughs)
(grunting)
SAM:
Federal agent!
(tires screeching)
(people exclaiming)
(Langston laughs)
That's why you have
a stakeout car.
(groans)
Yep.
This was definitely a mistake.
Wouldn't have come to this
if you'd just pulled
a Da Nang Pickup.
That's what I said.
You also said you were going
to get something to eat.
Did I?
Yeah.
I forget sometimes.
You know, I'm old.
(Bridges panting)
He dropped this.
You guys like gadgets, right?
Here you go.
LANGSTON:
You can Snappletweet us,
(Bridges grunts)
while we do the real work.
(groans)
Just drag him.
We can't drag him
from this end.
I'm hurting my back, man.
Promise me
you will shoot me
before we turn
into that.
Only if you
do the same.
You got a deal.
Well, it's only a matter of time
before we're able to place you
at the scene of the shootout.
This is where it goes from
bad to life in prison.
You understand?
LANGSTON:
Start with his thumbs.
SAM: Hey, hey, whoa, whoa, whoa.
CALLEN:
What are you doing? Whoa.
SAM: Bridges, Bridges.
Hey, hey!
Where'd you take Asher, punk?
What the hell, man?!
Where'd you take him?!
Bridges, enough!
This is a country mile
from enough.
BRIDGES: Hey!
CALLEN: You, too. Let's go.
(Bridges panting,
Langston laughs)
Beautiful.
(chuckles)
Mm.
How long before
we go back in?
Excuse me?
We're just getting warmed up.
Great work in there.
Very believable.
There's not a chance in hell
you two are going back in there.
What's the problem?
You said we could
take a crack at him.
Said take a crack at him,
not crack his head open.
Clearly your way wasn't working.
Yeah, just wasted an hour
blabbing away.
Our way doesn't violate
his civil rights.
When did the Navy turn into
a bunch of flower children?
I'm gonna pretend
I didn't hear you say that.
Clearly we're not getting
anywhere with this guy.
But finding Asher's our best
lead to Yaniv and the gold.
So what do
we do now?
We hope Kensi and Chegwidden
get something from the pawnshop
or the twins can work some magic
on this guy's phone.
¶ The USB's connected to the ¶
¶ Cell phone ¶
¶ The cell phone's
connected to... ¶
(computer beeps)
Ooh.
Nell?
Hmm?
Ask me what time it is.
I know what time
it is.
I have a watch,
a phone,
a tablet, and if I can
see the sun's position
in the sky...
Humor me.
(sighs)
What time is it?
Uh.
(phone beeps, mouths "Now")
What time is it?
AUTOMATED VOICE:
The time is 11:50 a.m.
Now,
all I have to do is
tap the answer
to bring me to
the world clock...
Mm-hmm.
...add a location,
type something,
copy it,
send the clipboard
to a message,
cancel the message...
Hmm.
...et voilà.
We are in.
NELL:
Impressive.
It's an old exploit,
but it only checks out if you...
BOTH: ...never update
your operating system.
Hey.
A valuable lesson to us all.
So, what fan-tabulous prizes
do we walk away with, Rod?
(announcer voice):
Well, Bob...
(typing on keyboard)
...a whole bunch of aliases,
and no full names.
Oh, great,
I will call Callen.
(phone rings)
Any luck?
Well, the phone's itself
is entirely devoid
of incriminating evidence.
BRIDGES: Doesn't sound
like good news.
Doesn't sound
like news at all.
NELL:
Well, we're getting there.
He probably only uses it
for specific reasons,
like contacting members
of the Xionshou Song network.
And if we locate a cluster
of these numbers,
that might tell us
where Asher's being held.
Mm-hmm.
And... boom.
Looks like a derelict
theater downtown.
Impressive.
For code monkeys.
LANGSTON: But how do we know
they have Asher?
I've set up a program
that hacks into
their microphones and cameras.
And footage should
be coming online now.
ERIC: This is a live feed
from their phones.
That's Asher.
Send us the address,
we're on the move.
ERIC:
Yeah.
I just kept thinking
about my son.
My husband.
I came so close
to losing everything.
I've actually had the...
"lying in your own pool
of blood" moment, so I get it.
I also nearly caused you
to lose Kensi.
No, no, you didn't,
that psycho Ferris did.
I mean, obviously,
it'd have been nice
if you would've come around
sooner, but that stubbornness
is what makes you a good cop,
so....
Thank you.
Well, it's true.
Which brings me to why
I really asked you
out here today.
Right.
Things at the precinct
have been tense.
We have more open I.A. cases
than ever before,
and worse, I'm hearing rumors
of more not being reported.
So what-what are we...
what are we talking about here?
We talking about...
corruption at the precinct?
Your old Lieutenant Bates'
name popped up.
Bates?
I don't know if I should
take it seriously,
but there's concern.
Yeah, no, I mean...
we should definitely
take that seriously.
(torch hissing)
Well, finally.
You have to take your time or
things kind of burn up in there.
You want to give it a crack?
Don't mind if I do.
(clears throat)
Right there.
Yeah, I know.
Ooh, hello.
(sighs)
Let's see what
we're working with here.
All right.
Got cash,
bunch of...
pawn records.
CHEGWIDDEN:
Some jewelry.
KENSI:
Ooh.
What do we have
here? Hold on.
Got a Harry Zanetti letterhead.
CHEGWIDDEN: Contact information,
"Mallory Fletcher."
That ring a bell?
No, but he obviously thinks
that it's safe worthy.
(phone line ringing)
NELL:
Yeah, Kens?
Hey, Nell, could you run
down a Mallory Fletcher
from Lindenmere
Assets for us?
(typing on keyboard)
NELL:
Okay.
Looks like Lindenmere Assets
is a hedge fund downtown,
and Fletcher is a manager.
I'm running her background now
and I'll send you
their address.
All right, thanks.
Serious money in hedge funds.
Yep.
Hell of a way to
wash $40 million.
Yeah.
Let's pay Ms. Fletcher
a visit.
KENSI:
Let's.
Looks like another
gang took your bait.
It's like a trail
of bread crumbs,
except with
dead bodies.
Shh.
Looks like the Latinos
lost the battle.
And the war.
CALLEN:
Sam, what the hell is that?
SAM: G, you got to get back here
and see this.
CALLEN:
Is that Asher?
SAM:
Yeah, they showed him no mercy.
Damn.
Looks like he was already dead
before the fighting started.
Which means they got
what they wanted.
Yaniv's location.
Eric, please tell us
you have some good news.
ERIC:
Actually, I do.
I got the rest
of the Xionshou Song
headed south on Alameda.
Talk us to them.
Alert LAPD, we need
to contain this.
Why call backup when you got
the dream team right here?
More like the Bad News Bears.
(low conversations)
CHEGWIDDEN:
Smell that?
No, what?
Greed.
(laughs)
Not into the market?
Not into investment
strategies only accessible
to the super rich.
I hear you, my partner
thinks that flipping houses
is the way to go.
Yeah.
WOMAN:
I hear what you're saying.
She's right over there.
Still, this isn't exactly
unexpected.
Look, the risk was accounted
for in the prospectus.
Now's not the time
to change strategies.
Thanks. Talk soon.
Mallory Fletcher.
Special Agent
Kensi Blye, NCIS.
Chegwidden.
MALLORY:
How can I help you?
Do you know a man named
Yaniv Kornberg?
As a matter of fact, I do.
He runs a pawnshop
in Hollywood.
He was just
here yesterday.
How do you know him?
Yaniv's lawyer Harry Zanetti
made the connection.
Yaniv was in a jam
and needed to cash in
on some gold he inherited.
That gold was stolen.
KENSI:
We're gonna need the contact
of the person
that purchased the bar.
Easy enough.
It was me.
He offered it
for $250,000,
about half its value.
You didn't think
that was a red flag?
Maybe, but it was
too good to pass up.
Did, uh, Yaniv mention
what he was planning
on doing with the money?
What anyone does on
the other side of my deals
is none of my business.
KENSI: Mm.
See, right now you're only
guilty of bad judgment.
But if we find out
that you're an accessory...
(inhales sharply)
Okay.
Yaniv was looking
to charter a luxury yacht.
Figured he wanted to
party with his new money.
I offered to invest it for him,
but my guess is he blows it all.
So where's the gold?
What assurances do I have
that my money will be returned
when it's recovered?
I think you're pretty lucky
right now
that you're not walking out
of here in cuffs.
Knew it was too good to be true.
(cabinet unlocks)
(beeps)
(latch unlocks)
Oh.
27.42 pounds.
Most expensive free weight
I've ever held.
Thank you.
KENSI:
Hey, Eric.
Yaniv monetized a quarter
million dollars of the gold.
He also may have
chartered a yacht.
We need you to
track him down.
ERIC:
I'm on it.
How you feeling about your
friend hunkering down now?
He's not out
of the country yet.
For your sake, let's hope not.
DEEKS:
I mean, don't get me wrong,
I love a good stroll as much
as the next guy, but why me?
Well, because
I need your help.
As hard as it is to admit,
you may be the only one
I can trust right now.
What kind of help
you looking for?
I don't know yet.
But I need to know if I can
trust you when the time comes.
And before you answer,
you should probably
keep in mind your confession
to killing Boyle.
(sighs)
And there it is.
While I don't agree
with what you did,
I do think you did it
for the right reasons.
I'm willing to close
the investigation.
If you help me.
I mean, I don't have much
of a choice, then, do I?
Depends on how much you like
being on the wrong side of I.A.
(inhales sharply)
You know, you could've
led with that, right?
(scoffs) And miss
watching you sweat it out?
Wow, there's the Whiting
that I know and love.
Sorry. Old habits.
Yeah.
So, what, you just
hold this over my head
for the rest
of my career?
Something like that.
But hopefully, now you know
you can trust me, too.
ERIC: Guys, I got
the Xionshou Song at a house
50 yards from your location.
You should have a visual.
(men arguing)
(men arguing in Chinese)
Something's got
their panties in a bunch.
CALLEN:
I don't see Yaniv.
We're about to lose
the element of surprise.
No, we're not. We go now.
SAM:
Three, two, one.
Federal agents!
CALLEN:
On the ground!
Now!
LANGSTON: Hands
where we can see them.
BRIDGES:
Go ahead.
Give me a reason.
It's just like Khe Sanh,
huh, Langston?
CALLEN:
Clear.
No Yaniv.
No gold.
SAM: Eric, see if you can
access the camera
on the street here
and pick up Yaniv.
ERIC:
On it.
We've also found the private
yacht Yaniv chartered.
CALLEN:
Where is it leaving from?
Long Beach and that's not all.
Yaniv's also chartered
a cargo plane,
two private train cars and
four semi trucks, all for today.
And that's just what we found
so far. They keep coming.
Could take forever to track
all them, even if we split up.
It's risky
on Yaniv's part, though.
He's got to know there's a
chance we hit the right charter.
Or... this is a smokescreen.
What do you do
if you got to
move gold, but you know
all your outs are covered?
If you can't get the gold
out to the buyer,
you bring the buyer
in to the gold.
Exactly. If that's the case,
we have no way of knowing
who we're looking for
or where they're arriving from.
It's a good plan.
Yeah, if we don't
figure it out quickly,
it's gonna be
a successful one.
ERIC: Guys, I got access
to the street cameras.
Yaniv is moving
in an armored car.
The Xionshou Song
just missed him.
Where is it now?
Ugh, we lost it
in a dead zone,
but we have bigger problems.
We're now looking into incoming
private flights.
We're even filtering for flights
scheduled for the last 24 hours,
but there's just
too much ground to cover.
We have to narrow
the field.
Out of all the houses
in the city,
Yaniv felt it was safe enough
to bring the gold
to this one. Why?
He must not have had
a personal connection to it.
Otherwise, the gang members
would've found
him here sooner.
Nell, what can you tell us
about this property?
(typing)
NELL: Uh, okay.
It looks like
it was foreclosed on
a couple months ago.
Then it was picked up by a Reho
Real Estate for their portfolio.
Any connection
between Yaniv and Reho?
Not that I can find.
Interesting.
Guess what hedge fund
Reho's CEO is invested in.
Mallory Fletcher's.
NELL: Bingo.
SAM: She probably gave up
one gold bar because
she gets a bigger commission
on the whole deal.
Cross-reference
that charter list
with Mallory's client list,
will you?
Cross-referencing...
jackpot.
Eduardo Barbosa.
He's a Brazilian
millionaire.
He's on a flight
into Burbank Airport.
That's where Yaniv
is handing off the gold.
Let's go.
BRIDGES:
Right behind you.
You two are staying here.
The hell we are.
That wasn't the deal.
We didn't have a deal.
Eric,
have Kensi drop off Chegwidden
and meet us at the airport.
I was responsible
for this.
Besides, you guys are gonna
need all the help you can get.
Look, playtime's over.
You want to help?
Watch these guys
until LAPD arrives.
KENSI:
All right, you guys,
I got eyes on Yaniv,
Fletcher and Barbosa,
and three armed guards.
SAM:
Not much cover.
CALLEN:
We don't have much of a choice.
KENSI: Deal's going down.
Looks like
they're about to load the gold
onto the plane.
CALLEN:
We got to shut it down.
It's now or never.
Federal agents!
Drop your weapons!
(automatic gunfire)
(gunfire continues)
Guys, I got three more
heavily armed shooters.
(bullets whizzing)
G, this cover isn't gonna last.
Kens, we're pinned down!
I got no shot. No shot.
(motorcycles engines revving)
(yells)
CALLEN: Federal agents!
Guns on the ground!
Down!
Out of the truck, now!
Out of the truck. Move!
(gasps)
Oh, my God.
Well, what did you expect?
You left us with motorcycles.
And guns.
And you?
Next time you try
to ditch somebody,
make sure they can't
catch an Uber.
(chuckles)
Son of a bitch stole my line.
You know we could've
shot you, right?
But you didn't.
SAM:
G...
I knew it was them
the whole time.
Okay.
Well, it looks like the
D.A. is gonna let you off
with just
community service.
What? How much?
KENSI:
Oh, come on.
You're lucky you weren't
charged with a felony.
Please.
I would've been off the grid
before they had the chance.
Yeah, somehow,
I don't doubt that.
Ready to admit it?
Admit what?
Our plan worked out.
LANGSTON: Not that
we're gonna rub it
in your face or anything.
No, no, no.
Of course not.
We got the gold back,
that's what's really important.
BRIDGES:
You know,
despite your
shoddy tradecraft...
...you guys are all right
in my book.
(chuckles)
Yeah. Despite all the crap
you gave us,
you're all right in ours.
CHEGWIDDEN:
Next time.
CALLEN:
Uh, I-I do not think
this city could
handle a next time.
LANGSTON:
Come on, gentlemen.
We're running late.
Where you guys headed
to at this hour?
You stay out
of grown folks' business.
(Callen laughs)
BRIDGES:
Poison of choice?
Oh, Pappy Van Winkle 25-year.
Didn't know they
released that yet.
They haven't.
(sniffs, sighs)
(sighs)
Gonna miss seeing
that ugly old mug.
If you can't see him
in every one of us,
you're not trying hard enough.
Huh.
To Owen.
(exhales sharply)
Gonna be more unattended glasses
in the coming years.
That's why we got to
make the most of the time
we have left above ground.
A lot of vets
that need help out there.
LANGSTON:
And then,
there's what Owen
would have wanted us to do.
Kill bad guys.
HETTY:
Well, gentlemen...
...we certainly have the means.
(chuckles softly)
HETTY: There's no reason
we can't do both.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org